Now that we add the theming let's add this side menu which allows us to go to the settings to switch
to an alternative background adding aside menus something we haven't done yet.
So let's dive into it.
I want to add the side menu kind of on the routes page even above the current route page which would
be The Tapps page.
I want to have a side menu but no jailable on both taps.
But if we don't open the menu and choose one of its items I want to go to a totally different page.
I want to replace the current root page you could say if I go to the settings page I don't want to have
those tabs at the bottom so the menu needs to be able to edit my route page.
Therefore it makes sense to go into the root component and here to the template of the root component
here.
I'm setting up there which initializes our navigation stack and which initialize our route page.
And since I just said that I want to be able to dynamically switches are actually at my menu here.
We add a menu with the menu component.
This is again a bolt in component.
I want it to ships with Iron Man you need to know where it should render its content.
And I want to render my content here on this navigation stack so I will create a local reference.
This is normal angler to send text with the hash tag here and I can pasters here.
I have to bind to the content property and I will bind to this content reference maybe this naming is
confusing.
So let's simply name it Neph maybe.
So the content of the menu item I select should get rendered in this navigation stack.
This is what I'm telling ironic to you.
This is again this picture of splitting up the navigation stack I showed you earlier and of course with
that I'm making sure where I want to render my content.
Now I can style the menu.
You place the same elements in your as you place in the page so we can have a header.
This is optional though with a toolbar Nada and nav bar.
This is a toolbar.
It's not a nav bar because it doesn't have any navigation elements.
It shouldn't have a back button of course because it's in a menu.
It's not a separate page.
So toolbar has the same look but it's handled differently behind the scenes.
Again it won't have a back button and so on.
I will also add a title where I simply say menu you could of course change this and very important.
We need a content the content of that menu.
Now any year I want to have an iron list and you can style your menu the way you want to it.
You can use the grid to order elements in the way you want to order them you can implement the image
if you want to the image in your menu really.
You are free to style this however you want.
You're choosing a list and I will add a button of course with an item since it is inside of a list and
in there I want to have our I and I can which should have a name of setting's and I can then say item
left to align it on the left and I'll have my settings text.
Old and duplicate this button to also have my codes button and maybe I should make the first button
the court's buttons are here.
I want to go to my quotes app and I know that there is a quote I can the I can repository of ionic to
you can of course always look this up in the documentation if you're searching for a specific I can
so I've got two entries in my menu quotes button and a Settings button.
Of course I should also hook them up to lead to the correct page or to load the correct page.
All of course add a click listener for that where a load on load or way I want to execute on load.
And in this case your I want to load the tabs page.
This of course is the property I haven't created yet here in this case I want to exit the same method
on load but I want to load the settings page.
This is another property I haven't created yet.
So let's quickly let's quickly create those properties in the app component file.
I do have a route page as of now.
Now I want to set up a tap's page property which holds my taps page and the settings page which holds
my settings page.
Obviously.
So with this I'm storing those pages in properties I can get back to the HGL file and get rid of root
page here.
That should be the taps page by default.
That of course also means that I can lead read page here and only using taps page and settings page
now.
And by default again I want to load the Tapps page but now I need to implement on load to be able to
switch to page through the menu.
So I'll add on load here and in on load I expect to get the page which is of type and because it can
be it has page or settings page which are two different types of course.
And that here I simply want to.
Well what I want to replace my currently active route page.
So I kind of want to replace this part here.
The root attribute of my navigation stack.
How can I do this.
Let's find out in the next lecture